# CME Quest Adventures Team Meeting

## Started 2023/09/30/13:00

## Location: Discord Call

## Participants:
- Ethan Hooper
- Jack Carthew
- Jared Bowman (Minute Recorder)
- Justyn Fox
- Micah Harker

## Topics Discussed
We discussed prototypes and how to start one. We referenced from class that there is a program called Figma that we can utilize. We started making our accounts and adding the rest of the team to the Figma project.

The program is very new to us, so today, we began looking over our tools and what to do with them.

From here, we looked at the prototype tab and learned how to use it. We can use this tool to access different scenes in the game, for example, when someone clicks on an object, they can be taken to a different room of the level.

Our beginning scenario is related to an office problem, where the printer has stopped working and you have to troubleshoot the problem to print a single paper.

We are starting out by making the beginning puzzle and then prototyping the boxes to move to different areas/scenarios.

About 60% of our assets for this prototype are drawn using the pen tool, while 40% is using images to depict a printer and its components.

The prototype should be made to navigate very easily. This way, we are describing what the different scenes would do. We have found out that we are pretty limited to the amount of stuff we can do with this file because of a paywall.

Despite the limitations, we have made a working prototype that demonstrates what our vision is for the game and how we can implement it within Godot.

## The next meeting was scheduled for Monday at 6:00 with the team. Wednesday will be with the mentor at 6:30.

## Ended: 2023/09/30/16:30
