# Week of 2023-10/21 - 2023/10/28

## Meeting Start Time 
2023/10/25/6:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2023/10/25/8:30 PM

## Location/Medium
In Person: Robert Bell Room 369

## Present
Justyn, Jack, Ethan, Micah, and Jared

## Minutes Recorder
Jack

## Topics Discussed
We wanted to clarify the overall structure of our game as well as make a plan for what we want at the end of this first iteration. We had a few ideas about how the inventory should function,
and some ideas for the first few beginning puzzles. At this point we split up into groups, Jack, Justyn and Ethan drew a design for what the first room would look like, while Micah and Jared 
started working to add functionality between clickable items and the inventory.

## Things Clarified
We've decided we'd like to have one room with at least two puzzles for the first iteration. The puzzles and other content will be based off a document that was provided to us by our client. 
We clarified that within a scenario there will be 3-4 rooms each with a few puzzles. Some clues and puzzles in earlier rooms will help the player solve puzzles in later rooms.

## Tasks Distributed 
Justyn: Create the first mini game.

Jack: Create the first mini game.

Ethan: Draw some beginning placeholder assets. 

Micah: Add functionality between clickable objects and inventory.

Jared: Add functionality between clickable objects and inventory.

Client provided document
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vb0wV9kVlbRiVEnXVYaREIZ7SlXZAxqiuU_ei6gOV7M/edit?usp=sharing
