# CME Quest Adventures Team Meeting

## Started 2023/10/02/18:00

## Location: Bracken Library

## Participants:
- Jared Bowman (Minute Recorder)
- Justyn Fox
- Ethan Hooper
- Jack Carthew
- Micah Harker

## Topics Discussed
We started discussing the assignments that are due for the team on the 11th of October.

* Tech Stack - Godot 4 is still on our minds because of its easy integration.
* Prototype - Readme file and video is needed for completion.
* Architecture - The structure is simple, since our client has given us a lot of freedom to do anything. Might wait to recieve approval from client and mentor.
* First Iteration - A list of requirements will be feasible, given the project's requirements.
* Requirements - Bullet points of the features discussed, and prioritize with high, medium, or low.

While our current point of contact is flexible with their time, we were discussing a possibility to touch bases with the project leader on this to ask more complex questions, such as:
* Who exactly is playing this game?
* How complex of an architecture is needed?
* Is there an NDA?

Google Documents were made to seperate business requirements and project requirements. This will help with appending to the main repository when the whole group confirms the completion of the document.

An email was being composed about design for the project in terms of use cases for how users will use the program. We are a little confused how to start this because of our uncertainty with the roles that will be using our program. We are hoping to hear back with our contact to recieve a heiarchy of who will be using this.

However, it was brought to our attention that our point of contact has not sent us an email referring to scenarios that the player will be put through. The email is drafted until we find out from our contact.

- Ethan Hooper has showed interest in creating the requirements document.
- Jack Carthew has showed interest in making a rough draft of the architecture.
- Justyn Fox has showed interest in studying the business requirements.

We are hoping to meet together for the domain model and the use cases (depending if the client sends us an email).

## Ended 2023/10/02/19:00
