# Week of 2023/11/18 - 2023/11/25

## Meeting Start Time
2023/11/21/2:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2023/11/21/4:90 PM

## Location/Medium
In Person: 369 RB

## Present
Ethan, Micah, Jared, Justyn, Jack

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Topics Discussed

Starting the meeting we quickly went over plans for GUI in iteration two. We've decided to fix the timer to read in 00:00 format to prevent the size of the timer
from continuing to increase. Further plans include adding a button to open up the menu and in that menu add a scenario button that shows the prompt for the scenario
to help them better understand why they are doing the tasks given to them. Lastly we discussed adding a room navigation button to the main gui to make it easy
to travel place from place for the player while reducing the total amount of scenes we have to make as developers. 

Afterwards we mob programmed some tests, which are listed below:
- Timer
- Pickup Button
- matching minigame

Lastly we sent an email to Lani covering a few topics: Checking up to see how our original list of assets are going, giving them a second list of items for room
two, and to schedule a meeting. We would like to have two meetings with her this iteration, the first of which is to express our goals and then the second to show
off what we've accomplished. 

## Things clarified

Over the next week the goal is to split off into groups and work on both the front end and back end of the project. Justyn Ethan and Micah are all working on the
second room while Justyn and Jack are going to create a database and working leaderboard to keep track of time. It's unlikely we will finish these tasks over break,
but hopefully we can accomplish enough to get going once we all meet up after break.

## Tasks Distributed
We didn't assign any specific tasks, but rather gave vague goals to complete over the break.

Ethan / Justyn / Micah: Start working on room two for the scenario. 

Jared / Jack : Work on creating a leaderboard with a working database.
