# Week of 2024/3/16 - 2024/3/23

## Meeting Start Time
2024/3/18/7:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2024/3/18/8:30 pm

## Present
Ethan, Micah, Justyn, Jack, Jared

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Location/Medium
In person: RB 369

## Topics Discussed
This meeting we started out by listing all the features we have to complete before the end of iteration five. This includes refactors and also our plans to use
firebase. Afterwards we worked on sending an email to Lani including a list of all the minigames we have so far so they can include a bit more information on how to
make it more educational. Next we worked on refactoring. For refactoring we worked on updating scenario one cleaning up lines that weren't required and making
export variables to be used in all scenarios.

## Things Clarified
Going forward we would like to make one last room as well as add sound effects. Other than that we plan on polishing the aspects we already have within the project.
Making minigames more educational, making drag and drop modular, and also making rooms modular. Last but not least we plan on using firebase to host the database
for our clients.

## Tasks Distributed
Ethan: Work on polishing trash can static scene and then laptop minigame.
Justyn: start room five plus drag and drop refactor.
Jack: Catching up on testing and looking into sound effects.
Jared: work on setting up firebase.
Micah: work on implementing educational elements to matching and shredder minigames.
