# Week of 2024/2/17 - 2024/2/24

## Meeting Start Time
2024/2/22/7:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2024/2/22/9:00 PM

## Present
Ethan, Micah, Jared, Jack, Justyn

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Location/Medium
In Person: RB 369

## Topics Discussed
Starting out we talked about merging the remaining branches that we are working on into master. This way we can start another set of items without having too many
branches. Afterwards we talked about a bug in the database that we believe is caused by the tests for some reason, that was fixed at the meeting. We worked on drag 
and drop a little bit trying to iron out a few issues with multiplying items. We also sent an email to Lani with a few items we wanted assets for.

## Things Clarified
This week before spring break we are continuing to work on room one of scenario two. However on top of that we are also going to continue updating the first
scenario based on the suggestions we heard in class today. Such as updating UIs and continuing to improve quality of life features. 

## Tasks Distributed
Ethan: Continue to work on main menu and improving UI

Micah: Work on the script for the leaderboard / Working on sound

Jack: Continue to work on godot tests / Working on sound

Jared: Continue to work on databse tests

Justyn: Continue to work on Room 4 features
