# CME Quest Adventures Client Meeting

## Started at 2023/10/09/15:00

## Location: Zoom Meeting

## Participants:
- Lani Hisako Matsumura (Client)
- Jared Bowman (Minute Recorder)
- Ethan Hooper
- Jack Carthew
- Justyn Fox
- Micah Harker

## Topics Discussed
Our client discussed the document that was sent to us [in this link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vb0wV9kVlbRiVEnXVYaREIZ7SlXZAxqiuU_ei6gOV7M)
The player is starting on floor 1, and then moving up to the top floor. The top floor, or ending, is up to us, if they escape or fly away. Draft 2 is a copy of Draft 1 that is much better in detail, while the other is generic. We can decide between the 2 drafts what kind of content we need for the final product.

During the meeting, we discussed our items in this order:

### 1. Architecture
It starts with the user at the top, then will be prompted to login to an account. This would then lead to a database and retrieve scoreboards. The game menu is where leaderboards are displayed and the scenarios that the player can play. The game screen is what will display the timer, inventory, and interactables. During the game screen, the player is introduced to different rooms and different puzzles to solve. The timer and game screen will communicate with the database to send data for leaderboards.

### 2. Domain Model
The document shared will have a variety of variables. The user will have access to the menu, hud, and interactables. The meun will go through all parts of the game, which is the scenarios, state manager, and puzzles, which leads to the objective that is tied in with the interactable. A very simple setup with a very easy format!

### 3. Prototype
We used Figma to produce this prototype for the client. It displays the hud at the very top, which includes the objective, inventory, and time left for the scenario. The scene displayed has 3 objects, which is printer paper, ink cartridges, and the printer itself. It has the wifi password and printer menu as sub pages to different scenes. The client has reacted estatically to it.

We asked at this point if there were any questions that she had for us.
**Q**: What kind of puzzles are we going to make? Any ideas?
**A**: There is a lot that we can do, one of them being a word search, key combos, finding the right object to use for another. Our flexibility is very strong.
When we read through the document, we became much more informed on what kind of puzzles we can make. Right now, we have pretty broad ideas, but we can definitely use this document to figure out any more ideas to insert into the game.

Could we put in placeholders for the different assets in the game?
That can be done! This will help us with assets from the client.

### 4. Business Requirements
We displayed a document that shows our function and non-functional requirements. That would include our ideas for what the player can do and not do. Some are specifically for the user and some are for the game itself.

Is there a specific date that you need the project done by?
Mid April is when the project would be done. We have different checkpoints for our client.

Would we have a draft of one of the floors done by the 9th of November?
Yes, for sure! We would have a floor done with some of the functional requirements implemented.

### 5. Requirements
It was discussed as part of the business requirements.

### 6. Tech Stack
We want to try and use the Godot 4 engine, which would be easy to use for making our game. Version control would be GitKraken, and possibly hosting a local or useable database for our leaderboard system. After we talked about accessability, it seemed like they wanted the data to be easily accessible. We decided at that point, our database would be using Google Spreadsheets. On top of that

We also had a prepared list of questions to ask our client. They go as follows:

**Q:** Do you possibly have a database that we can use so that we can accomplish leaderboards?
**A:** I'll ask Kurt.

**Q:** How is this going to be used?
**A:** This would more be so for people who are already working in CME. Mostly a refresher for those who are already there.

**Q:** What roles are using this game?
**A:** People who design e-learning, designing, anyone that works in CME.

**Q:** How would want us to go about difficulty?
**A:** Do puzzles that are harder down the road. Basically starting easy, then become harder later.

**Q:** Is there a balance between fun and informational?
**A:** I'll leave that up to you, as long as there is a bunch of different puzzles to keep it engaging.

Our next meeting was scheduled for October 30 at 2:30 PM EST.

## Ended at 2023/10/09/15:42
