# Client Meeting on 3/6/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/3/6/2:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2024/3/6/3:00 PM

## Location/Medium
Online Zoom Meeting

## Present
Ethan, Jack, Jared, Justyn, Micah, Kurt, Lani 

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Topics Discussed 
This meeting we met with both Lani and Kurt to present what we've accomplished for iteration four. We went through both scenario one and two and displayed how
the leaderboard in game will look. Afterwards we sat down and discussed final features and how they would like to recieve the project. 

## Things Clarified
Kurt uses a mac system which is currently uncompatible with the game, because of this we plan to post the game on itch.io so they can mess around with it more. He
also suggested adding a help system which is something we want to include in Iteration five. He said we were doing great effort overall and Lani agreed. 

## Client Use of Project
We delivered our client an executable version of the game for Windows. We had been working on doing this, because during our last client meeting the zoom remote control wasn't working very well. There was a lot of lag and it crashed at one point. Unfortunately, we didn't communicate early enough on this, and were not able to get a Mac OS version. So, due to our client using Apple computers, they were not able to play.

For the last iteration, after talking with the client, we have decided to publish the game on itch.io. This will solve the issue because it will be accessible on the web. We will be doing this before the iteration is finished. This way we can have the client play the game.
