# Week of 2023/11/18 - 2023/11/25

## Meeting Start Time
2023/11/26/7:30 PM

## Meeting End Time
2023/11/26/

## Present
Ethan, Micah, Jack, Justyn, Hunter

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Topic Discussed
At the start of the meeting we briefly went over what happened the time inbetween the previous meeting now. Some notes being the feedback we recieved from our clients and professor.
We also talked about what we accomplished and our plans for the remainder of iteration two. Specifically creating room two and adding a leaderboard that interacts with docker. One issue noted
is that how we will not have assets completed until the start of January, we will need to find a way to make the temporary assets display proper information for this iteration. Docker was also discussed with Hunter,
talking about how it's our next big priority as the deadline for docker is coming up soon. He suggested a few ideas on how to better implement docker into our project, once we all meet up in the future

After talking we worked on testing for a bit, trying to catch up what we can. Should be noted that at this point Hunter left as he had nothing else to contribute.

## Things Clarified
This following week we plan to meet up as much as possible. Every day when possible we will try to be adding as much functionality as possible. Particularly the leaderboard and room 2 for the project. Time is a little
bit of a close call but we believed that we have things under control as long as we don't try to overdo anything. We have two meetings with Lani scheduled and then one more meeting with Hunter on top of our regular
meetings. Making sure we can keep them updated as we rapidly create features.

## Tasks contributed 
Ethan/Micah/Justyn: Create room 2
Jared/Jack: Create leaderboard
