# CME Quest Adventures Mentor Meeting

## Started 2023/10/04/18:30

## Location: Discord Call

## Participants:
- Jared Bowman (Meeting Recorder)
- Justyn Fox
- Ethan Hooper
- Jack Carthew
- Micah Harker

## Topics Discussed
At this time, we have not recieved an email from our client. We are hoping to compose an email to ask for the use cases that the game will be put through.

[Micah Harker](https://github.com/mlharker) has updated the video link in the Prototype file. That Prototype file is ready to be turned in!

We had to revisit business requirements and use cases to figure out what to add into our document.

The domain/UML was brought up for clarification. It is technically the same as our architecture setup, but more about how objects work with each other.
We looked at an example of a domain model for an insurance company, and hope to use some of the experience that we know from that domain model to our own.

#### We asked our mentor: What is a business requirement?
An example, from his view, was payments for an invoice. We should be able to charge customer's cards. This would be a high-level requirement. For functional, we need to capture the customer's data in order to process the payment.
This would work the same way with our leaderboard idea, but it is unclear, based on the client's input, that this is necessary.
The objective is to get at least one business requirement that will help us with both the high-level and the functional requirements.

We questioned the statement `Easily Accessible` as being either a high-level or a functional requirement. Multiple have argued that this would be a non-functional requirement, because first off, the phrase is ambiguous because it could mean either obtaining and running the game or accessible for disabled users.

[Ethan Hooper]() is preparing questions for our next client meeting, which is scheduled for the 9th of October.

#### We asked our mentor: When we need to talk to our mentor, which platform is better for communication?
Neither is fine, just be sure to @ the account to grab attention.

#### We also asked: When making the domain model, what was necessary for it?
Our mentor was trying to pull up an image for it. A lot was done in regards to their domain model. Because of the complexity, he was given feedback that there was too many arrows. What we are trying to do is make sure the user has 'thing' and 'thing' has 'that'. Our leaderboard idea would be a part of the menu screen to show previous attempts at an escape room.

Our use cases would be worked on after our Monday meeting.

[Micah Harker](https://github.com/mlharker) has offered to work on the domain model and at least get some of it worked out.

For the upcoming meeting, we would make a rough draft of the use cases and compare them to the use cases that our client will present to us.

Our goal is to get most of the assignments, due on Wednesday, done by Monday.

Everyone will try to get together during class tomorrow to work out a good amount of our business requirements. We are also considering asking Professor Ergin about our current requirements that we've been considering.

After class, we can work on even more of our business requirements.

The presentation will require us to have a keynote/powerpoint submitted as a PDF. For our prototype, we agreed that a video would be much more simpler than implementing it within the presentation.

Our mentor has warned us: "Ergin will drill you with questions if no one in the class ask questions. BE PREPARED."

## Ended 2023/10/04/19:35
