# CME Quest Adventures Mentor Meeting

## Started 2023/11/06/18:00

## Location: Discord Call

## Participants:
- Jared Bowman 
- Justyn Fox
- Ethan Hooper
- Jack Carthew (Meeting Recorder)
- Micah Harker
- Hunter Durbin

## Topics Discussed
The main focus of discussion for this meeting was preparing for our first iteration client meeting. 
We showed Hunter our progress with our project and explained to him our plan for completing the first iteration.

In our previous meeting, Hunter mentioned another group that was working on a game while he was in his capstone. 
To help us clear up some confusion Hunter contacted a member of this other group and asked them what their process was considering more backend features.
He reported that this group largely made small games in Angular, which we thought was an interesting idea, however, 
after some clarification from our client, we've decided to stick with our original plan.

After this, we talked about our actual presentation for class. With the required length for the presentation, we had some concerns about how it would go.
Hunter assured us that as long as we take the time to prepare it we should be just fine.

Lastly, we discussed our plans for the next iteration. We reflected on how only having to create functional software without testing made the first iteration a little easier,
but we also brought up that we would need to do some refactoring in the second iteration. 
Ideas were also thrown around about doing a real escape room for ideas on future puzzles. 

## Things Clarified
After showing our progress, Hunter told us we're in a good spot for iteration one, based on what the client is requesting. 

Hunter feels confident in us and is excited to hear how our client meeting and presentation go.

We need to make sure to have time to prepare our presentation and refactor our code later on.

## Ended 2023/11/06/18:45
