# Week of 2024/4/6 - 2024/4/13

## Meeting Start Time
2024/4/9/7:30 PM

## Meeting End Time
2024/4/9/9:00 PM

## Location
Online: Discord

## Present
Ethan, Micah, Justyn, Jared, Jack, Hunter

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Topics Discussed
Starting the meeting we asked a few questions to Hunter about the closure of the project. Afterwards we discussed the firebase progress, particularly about how the
firebase query for repeat names appear to be working. Lastly while he was here we showed off the features that we've accomplished so far. Hunter left afterwards and 
we spent our remaining time working on our seperate branches. Justyn and Micah worked on room 5, Ethan and Jacky worked on scenario 1, Jared worked on Firebase.

## Things Clarified
We talked to Hunter about how to best finish the project with our remaining time. We asked him for advice and he pointed out that it is important that we 
at least get everything completed. If there are things left unpolished that's ok as long as everything is running. Hunter talked a little bit about the work
to be done after iteration 5 such as tidying up documentation and making sure everything is shipped properly. Also he mentioned grabbing screenshots to put on 
the websites we made at the start of the semester.
