# Week of 2024/3/30 - 2024/4/6

## Meeting Start Time
2024/4/1/7:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2024/4/1/8:20 PM

## Location
Online: Discord

## Present
Ethan, Micah, Justyn, Jared, Jack, Hunter

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Topics Discussed
Starting the meeting we shared progress on what has been completed so far with Hunter. There was mentions of our meeting with lani and Kurt, talking about suggestions they gave us that we plan to implement
into the code. Next we discussed an issue on gitkraken where commits dupplicated. Looking at it, there seemed to be no issues as none of the code itself seemed to change from the duplicated commits so we merged it with 
another branch.

## Things Clarified
We talked about how we were feeling good about the progress made with the project as a whole. Especially with the extra week we feel like we're going to make good progress. Hunter gave us some ideas on what the student
symposium. Seeing that our project is coming to a close Hunter talked about reflecting on the project as a whole and using it in interviews to talk about the problems and challenges we've overcome over the past months.
