# Client Meeting on 4/15/2024

## Meeting Start Time
2024/4/15/10:00 AM

## Meeting End Time
2024/4/15/10:30 AM

## Location/Medium
Online Zoom Meeting

## Present
Ethan Jared Micah Justyn Jack Kurt Lani

## Minutes Recorder
Ethan

## Topics Discussed
Starting the meeting we discussed Lani's playthrough while Kurt looked through the game. Afterwards we went over the presentation times that are happening this
week. Kurt might be able to make it to our wednesday presentation but that's not a guarantee. Lastly Kurt asked for some feedback on how to be a better client
for future years. We discussed about the advantages of flexibility vs having defined requirements. 

## Things Clarified
Lani talked about how she felt like she was in a real escape room. She thought that the difficulty was just right and really appreciated all of the sfx and 
hover effects. She had gotten a time of 13 minutes and felt like the 30 minute time limit was very reasonable. Overall she was really happy. Outside of gameplay
they were really happy with our communication this semester. Kurt also asked for feedback and we talked about how we enjoyed the flexibility, but perhaps having
more information ahead of time would really go a long way. Other than that we we're happy to work with them this year.

## Client Use of the Product
We delivered an Itch.io link of the game to Lani and Kurt. Lani had played it before the meeting and seemed to really enjoy the game. Kurt discussed being
excited to share the game with his co-workers as soon as possible. 
