# Discovery Meeting

## Started 2023/09/29/13:26

## Location: Zoom Meeting

## Participants:
- Jared Bowman (Minute Recorder)
- Ethan Hooper
- Jack Carthew
- Micah Harker
- Justyn Fox
- Lani Matsumura

## Topics Discussed:

Type of business: College of Medicine

[Website to Stanford Medicine](https://med.stanford.edu/cme.html)

Escape room should be about continuing medical education for medical professional Event meeting planners, marketing team for social media, design for graphics. Tackling those components for educational.

This is Lani's first time doing something involving software. We explained our process and Tech Stack.

This escape room would be self-paced, and helpful hints can be provided to help the player.

The game features is up to us when developing the game.

## Questions were:

#### What is the company about?
Stanford Medicine is for people who are already doctors to retain their medical licenses.

#### Any scenarios for the escape room?
Big or small rooms, broken off to different paths dependent on the topics.
Art assets was brought up, and Standford Medicine is willing to provide assets if we needed them.

#### What is the 'wow factor'?
There is no clear definition, but the idea is making the game appealing using sound effects and cool designs. The team has brought up ideas that can be mentioned in a seperate meeting.

#### Continuous updates?
Transfering over the escape room afterwards (project), so that they can make edits easily and make new kinds of content. 

#### Audience?
Individuals can play whenever they desire to.

#### Platform?
No preference, it should be easy to edit.

#### Played over zoom?
They just want to play it individually, where there is no lagg aspect.

#### As far as assets, is there a preference for 2D or 3D?
That is left to the decision of the group.

#### Should the puzzles be themed on 'escape room' or based on the topics?
Maybe there is a situation where they need to schedule a meeting or make a design. The theme should be based on the topics.

#### Team questions were all answered.


## Our Goal
We take the information we gathered today, and start discussing design for our prototype. We can meet back up in about 2 weeks to demonstrate the prototype and figure out any changes that need to be made.

At this point, Lani was

#### Would be helpful to have a list sent over on the topics?
The team agreed to have that sent to them.

Anything that we need from Stanford can be discussed on a document shared with Lani.

## Next meeting was scheduled for the 9th of October at 3:00 ET

## Ended 2023/09/29/13:59
